docs: Update links in documentation and fix spelling mistakes (#3238)
timber/timber: docs/v2/getting-started/template-inheritance-and-includes.md

Compared to the earlier example, we now have the `{% block headline %}` bit surrounding the `<header>` tag of the post.

> To inject a custom bit of markup, we're going to create a file called **single-all-about-jared.twig** in the **views** directory. The logic for which template should be selected is controlled in **single.php**, but generally follows WordPress conventions on [Template Hierarchy](https://wpshout.com/wordpress-template-hierarchy/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To inject a custom bit of markup, we’re going to create a file called **single-all-about-jared.twig** in the **views** directory. The logic for which template should be selected is controlled in **single.php**, but generally follows WordPress conventions on [Template Hierarchy](https://wpshout.com/wordpress-template-hierarchy/).
```

1. **Multiple Inheritance:** We’re extending **single.twig**, which itself extends **base.twig**. Thus we stay true to the [DRY](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Don%27t_repeat_yourself) principle and don’t have very similar code between our two templates hanging around.
2. **Nested Blocks:** `{% block headline %}` is located inside `{% block content %}`. So while we’re replacing the headline, we get to keep all the other markup and variables found in the parent template.

> What if you wanted to **add** something to the block as opposed to replace? In this case you can use [`{{ parent() }}`](https://twig.symfony.com/doc/3.x/functions/parent.html) where the parent block's content should go.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What if you wanted to **add** something to the block as opposed to replace? In this case you can use [`{{ parent() }}`](https://twig.symfony.com/doc/3.x/functions/parent.html) where the parent block’s content should go.
```

## Includes

> Another very useful functionality is Twig's [include](https://twig.symfony.com/doc/3.x/functions/include.html) function. You can use it to extract reusable parts of your theme and build your own component library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another very useful functionality is Twig’s [include](https://twig.symfony.com/doc/3.x/functions/include.html) function. You can use it to extract reusable parts of your theme and build your own component library.
```

{{ include('components/post/header.twig') }}
```

> There's a couple of neat functionalities when using `include()`, so it's definitely worth reading through its [documentation](https://twig.symfony.com/doc/3.x/functions/include.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There’s a couple of neat functionalities when using `include()`, so it’s definitely worth reading through its [documentation](https://twig.symfony.com/doc/3.x/functions/include.html).
```
